oh yeah this is Cheyenne giant-sized
Superman 31 inches figure I should feed
here get this from one part for 2495 or
99 for 25 35 and they get to my
house or free you just got it today and
pick it out out of the box
you articulation so it does but the
heads backwards okay compared to the
Supra turn this guy is an inch taller
than the Superman retort brothers one
and not now here's a Exorcist
I like the color scheme or this one
better does the primary third one than
this one
and what's the else is different
this one is still this one is wearing an
underwear but this one is a living
underwear and up Man of Steel turned up
Superman Batman vs Superman is still is
tolerable this one got a little there it
is this is the new Man of Steel this is
the batman dark crisis and with Batman
but it was it forget the movie done the
last movie from that the Dark Knight
tracked a crisis trigger
and Superman return okay thank you for
watching in this enough review with my
daughter and she's gonna turn the heads
again
this time Livio standing up now hey
Finch all right thank you for watching
and I'll see you next time enjoy the
movie
see you next night